in a small town in Scotland
called kilmarnock
I'm looking for crack met with the famous cartoonist thom browne
looking to create the personification of the values ​​of a brand that had already
started to penetrate the world of whiskey
the back of a restaurant's menu was drawn for the first time
the concept of the keown figure we all recognize and celebrate
the imminent destroy
that was how in 1908 this icon was created that has traveled for 100 years
the whole world leaving in its wake a legacy of improvement and progress
the figure personified
the face and style of it there was color
legendary founder of the mouth company
this is how brawn inc
began to produce series of the memorable figure
the ad of the walker that defined the personality of the wolf
logo as the word are of Greek origin
that people use indistinctly to refer to the subject because hit
by hand the emblem but technically hectometer a word you have wanted
an image condition
with the intention to differentiate themselves from any leader
of symbol to give a unique competitive distinctive character a
word despite the slogan of the walker
was born in 1820
It was in December of 1908
when he reappeared in a strong way under the bronze figure
since that time
the figure has been printed on the bottles of all brands of and
univocal
and has been reproduced in different merchandising products
to make them time
v a smell this year
Lester wants to have behind a brand
he had a lot of representativeness has a lot of meaning
and above all it remains in time very little mark arrive
to tevez and the year marked that not only a macabre market a global
when bruni died in 1910
was replaced by it served or not to the rivers pact the artist was at the head of the
corporate image of it univocal for four years
period before the First World War
after the end of the war the figure of the walker was in charge of leo chili
Another recognized and comic caricaturist kilos drawing for about ten years
redirecting your image makes a more sociable silhouette
more friendly and in different contexts walking while driving
and navigating
under the concept of chile
the walker appearance multiple scenarios under the concept of humor
fine
sometimes contemporary sometimes in cosmopolitan environments and always
dynamic I am
the mouth house
proud of its history
and the
the centenary of the walker
is pleased to present
falcioni
mouth defeated youth
in this impasse anniversary
a limited edition
unique and exclusive that comes to captivate to continue inspiring all
Venezuelans
with your forum message
of personal progress